Come to this room tonight at 8 o'clock
Someone is waiting for you
Do you know Qin Muxiao?
Is he easy to deal with?
This person has been our enemy company
What's wrong?
So embarrassed with me
First day on the job
Just leave it to a man as big as me
He made it clear that he wanted a special spell
Don't worry.
I have something on Lucifer
And I'll let the guy protect you secretly
OK
OK.
Is Mr. Song still asleep?
Ah, it's okay.
I heard the little pig say
I will arrange for you to go to Mr. Qin's application tonight.
Reward if you feel embarrassed
You can let your subordinates go.
Don't embarrass that
I'm in this position
It must be to contribute to the company, haha, that line
So if anything happens tonight
Call me oh ok
Mr. Qin will give you a gift tonight
I heard that your company has started a new project.
The hall is very beautiful
That's right, Fushiye's ex-wife
You have to think about it tonight